Updated installation documentation (#409)
catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools: README.md

* Leverages SpikeExtractor to support conversion from a number or proprietary formats.

## Installation
To install the latest stable release of **nwb-conversion-tools** though PyPI, type:
```shell
pip install nwb-conversion-tools
```

For more flexibility we recommend installing the latest version directly from GitHub. The following commands create an environment with all the required dependencies and the latest updates:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools
cd nwb-conversion-tools
conda env create -f make_env.yml
conda activate nwb_conversion_env
```
Note that this will install the package in [editable mode](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#editable-installs). 

Finally, if you prefer to avoid `conda` altogether, the following commands provide a clean installation within the current environment:
```shell

> git clone https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools
> pip install . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install git+https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools.git@master
```

Reviewer: We demonstrate above how to do a standard git clone and local installation; this is the final option to allow people to install the most up-to-date unreleased version without `conda` or having to manage the action clone.

* Leverages SpikeExtractor to support conversion from a number or proprietary formats.

## Installation

> Fore easy of use we recommend to install **nwb-conversion-tools** latest stable release in an existing environment with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the latest stable release of **nwb-conversion-tools** though PyPI, type:
```

> Fore easy of use we recommend to install **nwb-conversion-tools** latest stable release in an existing environment with the following command:

Reviewer: There's 3 ways someone can install the package.

1 is stable pip release, easiest and most recommended method.
2 is local git clone and conda setup (no pip at all)
3 is local pip install +/- local git clone (since you can just do `pip install git+https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools.git@main` to get latest dev branch)

> Fore easy of use we recommend to install **nwb-conversion-tools** latest stable release in an existing environment with the following command:

Author: Ok, so right now we are missing the third one.

```
$ pip install nwb-conversion-tools
```

> For more flexibility we recommend installing the latest version directly from github. The following commands will create an environment with all the requiered dependencies and the latest updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more flexibility we recommend installing the latest version directly from GitHub. The following commands will create an environment with all the required dependencies and the latest updates.
```

Alternatively, to clone the repository and set up a conda environment, do:
For more flexibility we recommend installing the latest version directly from github. The following commands will create an environment with all the requiered dependencies and the latest updates.
```
$ git clone https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools
$ cd nwb-conversion-tools
$ conda env create -f make_env.yml
$ conda activate nwb_conversion_env

> $ pip install .

Reviewer 2: > this is meant to indicate the user that is a terminal command?

yes, that's the intention. You make a good point about copy/pasting code though

> $ pip install .

Reviewer: Hmmm... yeah copy/paste takes priority over fancy formatting - feel free to delete those $ then

1) The first is a `conda` based solution that creates an environment with all the dependencies already installed.

```shell
git clone https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools
cd nwb-conversion-tools
conda env create -f make_env_testing.yml
conda activate nwb_conversion_testing_env
```

Note that this will also install `datalad` which is the endorsed way of downloading the testing data plus `pytest` and `pytest-cov` which are the tools that we use on our continuous integration suit. 

2) The same can be accomplished by using `pip`. In a clean environment run:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools
cd nwb-conversion-tools
pip install .[test_full]]
```

Notice that this method does not install `datalad`.
### Downloading the data
[Datalad](https://www.datalad.org/) (`conda install datalad`) is the recommended way for downloading the data. To do this; simply call:

```shell
datalad install -rg https://gin.g-node.org/NeuralEnsemble/ephy_testing_data
```
to install the `ecephys` data, and

```shell
datalad install -rg https://gin.g-node.org/CatalystNeuro/ophys_testing_data
```
for `ophys` data.

### Test configuration file

> Once the data is downloaded to your system, you must manually modify the [config file](https://github.com/catalystneuro/nwb-conversion-tools/blob/main/tests/test_on_data/gin_test_config.json) located in `./tests/test_on_data/gin_test_config.json` so its corresponding `LOCAL_PATH` key points to the correct folder on your system that contains the dataset folder (e.g., `ephy_testing_data` for testing `ecephys`). The code will automatically detect that the tests are being run locally, so all you need to do ensure the path is correct to your specific system.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be beneficial to mention the default `/shared/catalystneuro/` location is a place on the DANDIHub platform (with a link to it) that everyone is able to publically access the data without having to download it themselves?
